docs: refactor social links configuration reference (#869)
withastro/starlight: docs/src/content/docs/guides/customization.mdx

Starlight has built-in support for adding links to your social media accounts to the site header via the [`social`](/reference/configuration/#social) option in the Starlight integration.

> You can find a full list of supported social medias in the [Configuration Reference](/reference/configuration/#social).

Reviewer: I think I might use wording something like this? They’re not all strictly speaking social media I guess (at least e-mail and RSS feel like they stretch that definition), so something more generic probably makes sense:

```suggestion
You can find a full list of supported link icons in the [Configuration Reference](/reference/configuration/#social).
```
